feat: add env variable docs (#332)
nitrictech/docs: docs/env.mdx

> .env files can be used to config such as runtime ids, api keys, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.env files can be used to configure items such as runtime ids, api keys, etc.
```

> Note: If you're looking for more secure ways to store values you might consider the [secrets manager](/docs/secrets) or in an [object store](/docs/storage).

### What order are `.env` files loaded in?

Nitric will automatically load your .env files in the following order.

```bash

> nitric run

Reviewer 2: we are updating documentation with `nitric start` instead of run.

Author: Thanks, I accepted your suggestion.

```

1. .env
2. .env.development
3. any file you pass in via "--env-file"

```bash

> nitric up -s 'stackname'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
nitric up
```

```

1. .env
2. .env.production
3. any file you pass in via "--env-file"

Values in .env are overwritten by .env.development if it exists and so forth. Options 1 & 2 must be stored in the root directory of your project.

### Nitric Deploy

It's easy to set up environment variables in Nitric Deploy, here's a simple guide to get you started.

[Setting up environment variables](/docs/guides/deploy#configure-environment-variables) in Nitric Deploy.

> > We don't recommend you commit your .env files to your git repository. Variables configured in Nitric Deploy will take precedence.

Reviewer: we generate a .env from the UI environment. if someone had to commit a .env, it would be overridden

Author: Thanks, I'll make it more clear that it will be ignored completely.
